you
okay so Google launched a whole bunch of
new devices today I'm going to focus
this video on the pixel four and the
pixel four Excel these are their two new
phones I've been playing with them for a
few hours and then thought to give some
kind of early impressions on them
they're very cool they have a lot of
cool features but I do have some
reservations about them I'm gonna focus
this video just talking about some
things that I really like about them and
then talk about some kind of bigger
picture stuff the first thing the most
kind of important feature about these
phones is definitely the 90 Hertz screen
for a lot of people this will be the
first time they've seen a high refresh
screen on a smart phone so a lot of
phones have had them the oneplus 7 pro
the 70 and a few other gaming phones but
this will be the first time we've seen a
90 Hertz screen or just a high refresh
screen available at just your local
carrier story to go to walk in and be
able to see a demonstration of what 90
Hertz looks like and I think that that
feature alone is going to be able to
differentiate this phone just visually
from all the other phones that are at a
lot of carrier stores the rest of the
kind of aesthetics and design of this
phone feels a little less polished to me
than it expect for an $800 device like
the design lines the seams around
everything they're relatively bigger
forehead and chin and the camera bump is
just a straight up raised a camera bump
there's no bevel or anything it's just a
bump it just goes straight up so for
2019 it's not the most elegant phone out
there but it's a reasonably nice looking
phone overall now pixel phones are
renowned for the cameras they've always
been known for excellent photography and
the few photos I've taken so far look
really clean we've got two lenses a zoom
and a standard focal length I'm
surprised and just a little bit
disappointed that they didn't go with a
wide angle as the second lens but that's
pixel for you okay the front-facing
camera it doesn't have like last year's
pixel three you could adjust the focal
length you can kind of go for a
wide-angle selfie this years it's fixed
it's like there's only one focal length
which is strange I don't know why they
just I don't know why they opted out for
it but it's gone I did like that that
was one of the nice features of pixel
threes front-facing camera but the pixel
4 does have a really cool feature this
year it's something that I feel like
Android phones have lagged behind for
long
time it finally has real-time processing
in the viewfinder so normally when you
take a picture of something like you'll
pull up your camera you'll shoot it but
if there's any kind of like HDR or any
kind of adjustment that uses like
nitesite or any kind of computational
photography that's happening in camera
it doesn't show it to the full extent on
the viewfinder so when I gave the pixel
3 to my mom last year she was taking
photos and she was adjusting the
exposure to try to match it to her eye
to what looked good to her eye but then
she would snap it and it would look
different between the photo and what she
saw on screen and they finally did this
thing where it now matches what you're
seeing on screen is what your photos
gonna look like and I think that's a
really nice update in the whole process
and flow of how pixels handle
photography ok another feature they've
talked about this event is the presence
of these new radar sensors on the top of
these phones and when I saw the demo and
the video short at the event it looks
really cool looked like something that
we've seen before like the LG G 8 did
something like that and granted this is
day one and knowing Google they're gonna
improve on this every chance they can
but in order for this technology to take
off and in order for developers to
actually make use of this sensor and
this functionality this has to be
extremely reliable so you can trust it
to do what your hand gestures are
telling it to do because the moment it
skips once like all it takes is just to
miss once and then you're thinking why
am I doing this why am I not just
pressing it with my fingers because your
fingers never miss you hit that button
it skips to the next song every time but
I do think that this technology can
become something really cool and really
useful but we just have to get
reliability down first and then I think
we can build off of that ok there are
two things that concern me about the
pixel devices the first is pricing this
will the small one starts at $7.99 with
64 gigs of ram the bigger one the pixel
for excel starts at $8.99 also with 64
gigs of ram these are expensive phones
and in a store if a random consumer just
goes into a store and is able to see all
these phones and compare and contrast
the pricing and what they offer the
feature that really sticks out is going
to be that high refresh screen I think
is the saving grace of the pixel for
devices because you can see that that's
a very obvious visible difference
between the pixel devices and everything
else at most carrier stores because most
stores don't offer long plus phones but
in that pile exists an iPhone 11 a $700
phone that has a very comparable camera
to what the pixels offer this year
another concern I have about these
phones is the battery life particularly
the small pixel force so this has a 2800
milliamp hour battery and that is a very
small battery for a 90 Hertz refresh
screen the screen does have adaptive
tecnine to reduce the refresh rate when
it's not in use
but battery is something I'm definitely
gonna take a closer look at in my more
comprehensive review of them okay pixel
for pixel for excel I think they brought
some really cool stuff this year but do
you think you do is it enough at 800
bucks is this what you would expect in
the next generation pixel okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it
subs if you love to I'll see you guys
next time
[Music]